hey guys today I want to make a quick
video showing gameplay and given my
impressions on a recently released game
for the 3d a ski shop called gunman
clive this game was originally developed
for the iOS platform you know the to
play on the iphone and the tablet and
whatnot so i'm really glad it made its
way to the 3d s because the d-pad
controls are just you know so much
better
this isn't gay this game is an
old-school shooter i guess similar to
like contra or Mega Man Metal Slug but
you know it's very very simplistic with
a very unique with a very unique graphic
style I think there might be a lot of
flickering on the screen due to the fact
that this game has this hand-drawn look
that keeps moving this paper like feel
that keeps moving so bear with me if you
see that but in terms of the gameplay
this is a really solid game you know
it's made to be played with a d-pad I
don't know how can you know people play
this with a very virtue alloys stick on
the you know some cell phones and
whatnot and as you can see you know the
game has a very simplistic on graph a
graphic style
it looks like it's hand-drawn and it has
like this paper filter look to it and
the game is really really short you can
beat the entire game in probably less
than an hour
however the you know the game encourages
you to play you know made at different
times in the sense that I believe
there's an unlockable character at the
end of the game and you can play the
game with as two different characters so
I'm playing here with the
with being a cowboy guy and but you can
also play with a girl and as you can see
you know the enemies and they're all
very simple
but it you know very very solid very
smooth gameplay and it has that retro
feel and look that it's pretty cool as I
mentioned this game was you know
developed for the iOS originally so I'm
hoping that more games that are you know
suited for a platformer like the 30s
make its way another cool thing about
this game is that it's a budget title
and you can get this game for I believe
yeah two dollars I bought this for two
dollars off the eShop which is really
cool
considering sometimes you know they're
trying to charge a lot of money like
recently they released the Angry Birds
trilogy for the 3ds and they're charging
like $30 for it which is ridiculous so
I'm glad that you know games if more
games like these are brought to the 30s
each up it'll be really cool because you
know the d-pad controller is you know it
just works really well in this one I
don't know how can anybody play this
game using the virtual d-pad for from
the from the iPhone so there you go and
that's the end of the first stage as you
can see it only took me maybe like a
minute or two to finish Thea PL level so
that goes to show how you know the netic
you know pick up and play nature of the
game the 3d effect is really nice with
this one unfortunately I can't really
show you guys obviously but you know
it's really cool because that paper you
know that paper filter effect works
really well with this game and you know
this is the second stage and you know
they get progressively harder you know
later stages they introduce
you know more challenging platforming
sections oops and then there I felt that
was an easy junker that was that was
completely my fault but there are some
really challenging platforming sections
later on in the game and as I mentioned
it's a really short one so you know you
can probably do this in under an hour
the game offers three different
difficulty levels easy normal and hard
I'm currently playing on normal mode and
yeah I hope more games like this one
make its way to the 3ds eShop it's
really it's a really fun game perfect
pick up and play game perfect for a
portable handheld device there as you
can see I have a powerup that shoots in
I guess three way like so and as you can
see on the left side of the screen I
have that bar is my health meter so if I
ran out of it I die the end the animals
in this game like that duck on the
bottom they they damage you so don't you
know don't touch them because they will
kill it I mean they will take health
away from you
we kill that guy and we head towards
those wolves are pretty hard because
they become rushing on to you we have
more platforming here let me see if I
can go up to the stairs the soundtrack
is also pretty cool it has that western
theme music to it and it's very
impressive that only I believe two
people develop this game and it'll be
really nice if I can jump on that
platform there like so and as I
mentioned you know that you know I hit
the duck and he took damage so that's
pretty funny so that's the second stage
clear I forgot how many stages this game
has I'm pretty close to the end the game
does have boss battles at the end of
each you know little world or whatever
and you know stage three here you can
see has some platforming elements you
can control however you know you you
jump in that platform in loops and
direction you're facing so here I'm
tilting it forward to move it forward
but anyways hope you guys enjoy the
video and here's hoping that more
developers release budget titles for the
for the Nintendo 3ds eshop or the Vita
you know on PSN store so thanks for
watching guys and I'll see you all next
time